I want to take part in the school violin competition this year, but I am not sure whether I should
or not. I practice the violin for three hours every day, however I have never won a prize,
although I have entered the competition several times. I came fourth last year, that was my
best. I feel quite unhappy with the result. I wonder if I should just give up. Kate.
B. My best friend Linda and I both love acting and singing. I have just found out that I have
got the biggest part in the school play. Linda has only got a small part. She is not happy about it.
I feel sorry for her. I know she wants me to refuse the big part. She says that is what a good friend
should do, but it is really important to me. What should I do? Susan. See, my friend Peter
finds maths very difficult. He wants me to let him copy my homework. I want to refuse because I do
not think it is honest to do that, but I do not want Peter to get into trouble with his parents.
They have warned him about not working hard, but he does work hard. It is just that he does not
understand the work. Jack.